README.md, before:

# bam-shopping
A fake shopping program to help me practice mysql

## Getting Started
To get started with this you need some way to make a local sql database such as mysql workbench. Run the code from the schema file in the SQL folder to create the database.

![image of me running the schema](/images/schema.png)

Then you need to run the seeds folder so that you have some fake items to work with

![image of me running the seeds](/images/seeds.png)

then in your command line you need to navigate to you must type `npm install` then the program should be ready to go.

## Usage

The program itself is pretty easy to use when you first open it it will prompt you with a message to select an item. You should use the item ID that is in the second column of the table

![the list of items and first prompt](/images/list.png)

after you type in the number and press enter you will get a prompt that asks how much you want

![the selection made and second prompt shown](/images/productnumber.png)

## Packages Used
   * Inquirer
   * mysql

## Author
Daniel Rogalsky

Commit message:

added successful and insufficient pictures to the read me

README.md, after:

# bam-shopping
A fake shopping program to help me practice mysql

## Getting Started
To get started with this you need some way to make a local sql database such as mysql workbench. Run the code from the schema file in the SQL folder to create the database.

![image of me running the schema](/images/schema.png)

Then you need to run the seeds folder so that you have some fake items to work with

![image of me running the seeds](/images/seeds.png)

then in your command line you need to navigate to you must type `npm install` then the program should be ready to go.

## Usage

The program itself is pretty easy to use when you first open it it will prompt you with a message to select an item. You should use the item ID that is in the second column of the table

![the list of items and first prompt](/images/list.png)

after you type in the number and press enter you will get a prompt that asks how much you want

![the selection made and second prompt shown](/images/productnumber.png)

You will then get a prompt for total price of your purchase and the program will be exited.

![total and confirmation message](/images/successfulpurchase.png)

If there is not enough of the item you want you will get an inssuficcent Quantity! message and the program will exit.

![insufficient message](/images/insufficient.png)



## Packages Used
   * Inquirer
   * mysql

## Author
Daniel Rogalsky
